What do you mean?
Masochistic meaning
I'm going to cancel your family's intimate contract today
Are you the head of the Tang family or the heir of the Tang family?
Cancel if you say cancel
What do you think you are?
Yang Ruyi, who do you think you are?
Cancel if you say so?
Just me
I also think it's okay to cancel the intimacy with the neighbor
Project contract
A vixen
A big bragging well
It's a perfect match
Don't you want to cancel?
Don't you want me to regret it?
Yeah make me regret it
As you wish
Cancel the migration cooperation between the Lin family and the Tang family
execute immediately
Are you done calling?
Go away when you're done
Today I will fly with you
Tengfei, I can keep your Lin family safe
It can also make your Lin family fall into the abyss
If you really have this ability
You wouldn't be standing here now.
Tang Yide's housekeeper arrives
Butler Tang, you
Are you coming to our neighbor on behalf of the Galaxy Group?
I signed the contract.
I solemnly announce today on behalf of the Galaxy Group
Cancel the project contract of Rainforest Home